Docs: Reduce recommended num_layers for Buffer table (#44319)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/engines/table-engines/special/buffer.md

Buffers the data to write in RAM, periodically flushing it to another table. During the read operation, data is read from the buffer and the other table simultaneously.

:::note

> To enable asynchronous inserts, use the [async_insert](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#async-insert) setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A recommended alternative to the Buffer Table Engine is using [asynchronous inserts](/docs/en/cloud/bestpractices/asyncinserts.md).
```

Reviewer: Once https://github.com/ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs/pull/629 is merged, then this one can be updated with the URL under Optimize and merged.
